Readme update (#331)
platform-platform/monorepo: metrics/web/README.md

# Metrics Web Application :tada:

The Flutter web application that displays project metrics on easy to navigate Dashboard.

## Getting Started :beginner:

> This application is a part of Metrics project. It is developed using different solutions described in the documents under the `docs` folder. The purpose of this documentation is to collect and structurize knowledge used for developing the Metrics Web Application. Here is the easy to navigate list of these documents: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This application is a part of Metrics project: make sure to get yourself familiar with the Metrics project documentation first. Web component documentation is located under `docs` folder. 

Here is a list of the documents you'll find helpful to understand component architecture, layers and structure organization:
```

1. [Metrics Web Application architecture :walking:](docs/01_metrics_web_application_architecture.md)
2. [Metrics Web presentation layer architecture :running:](docs/02_presentation_layer_architecture.md)
3. [Widget structure organization :bicyclist:](docs/03_widget_structure_organization.md)

## Setup :rocket:

> As Metrics Web Application is developed using Flutter for web, the installed Flutter SDK configured for web is required. Use the following steps to get ready for further setup: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please use the [official documentation](https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/install) to install & configure Flutter for web. Here are the relevant sections: 
1. System Requirements
2. Get the Flutter SDK
3. Run flutter doctor
4. Update your path
```

> 1. [Install](https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/install) Flutter SDK.
> 2. [Configure](https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/web) Flutter SDK for web.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> After the above steps are complete, use the following commands to ensure everything works properly and as expected: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the above steps are complete, use the following commands to ensure proper Flutter version installed and web is enabled: 
```
